Seraphim average Betty here and I'm
making mashed potato pops okay skeptics
I know what you're thinking mashed
potatoes on a stick how do you do that
the answer is simple magic is this your
card
let's make mashed potato pops I've got a
bowl here and these are a couple of
Idaho russets that I've peeled and
cooked in the microwave just until
tender this is butter and some salt you
can cook the potatoes on the stovetop
too just like you would if you were
making mashed potatoes this crazy fun
idea was developed by Erika of in
Erika's kitchen there that looks about
right I'm going to make two different
kinds of pops so I'm dividing the mashed
potatoes like so don't be shy this is
pepper jack cheese bacon bits get this
good and combined and if you haven't
guessed yet this is going to be a
jalapeno popper pop I know it's tempting
to go crazy with the cheese and bacon
but you need a good ratio so your pops
stay together and there that's about the
texture you want for my next trick I'm
going ballpark style this is garlic
powder dried parsley and this is finely
grated Parmesan cheese mm-hmm now to
shape them into balls here's my jalapeno
popper pop mixture I've got a trusty
tablespoon here and I'm filling it just
to the top don't go crazy with a heaping
tablespoon or your pop will be too big
to fit in your piehole remember you
shouldn't have to rely on magic to eat
the Pops roll the mixture into a ball
easy enough right continue doing this
until you have all the mixture rolled
into balls I'm going to do the same
thing with the garlic parmesan mixture
Idaho russets are really good for this
because they have a lower moisture
content so the mixture sticks together
well as you finish rolling each ball
place them on a baking sheet when you
fill up a sheet you can pop them into
the fridge for safekeeping and it helps
to set them up this is where things get
exciting here's an egg doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo and these are panko
bread crumbs this is what you call a
breading station place the mashed potato
balls into the beat
and get them good and coated transfer
the coated mashed-potato ball into the
breadcrumbs and roll around the potato
ball not you and here's a garlic
parmesan ball you can do it continue
with this until all of your balls are
coated now for the really fun and
dangerous part where I saw myself in
half okay just kidding
but I'm sure the haters got excited
about that this is a giant vat of hot
oil people which can be almost as
dangerous as sawing yourself in half so
be careful I use a kitchen spider to
drop the balls into the hot oil quick
factoid I'm terrified of spiders but
kitchen spiders not so much look at this
golden-brown deliciousness directly onto
a paper towel and just a sprinkle of
salt and here's my first batch if you're
wondering where the magic is pipe down
Copperfield we're about to magically
transform our mashed potato balls into
mashed potato pops hocus-pocus alcázar
turn these balls into pops and how good
does that look
abracadabra tato pops recipe at average
Betty calm and even more potato pop
recipes at in Erika's kitchen calm I
hope you give these mashed potato pops a
try
after all they're as much fun as you can
put on a stick without resorting to
witchcraft find me on Facebook and
Twitter and drop by my home at average
Betty calm thanks for watching and
subscribing see you next time